Oh what creative hobbies that I would get into.
I wanted to get into painting.
My mom actually might have.
In high school, my sister was...
a really good art. She painted.
And she had
our teacher who loved her..
Pieces i thought she was the best thing ever. And so when I entered school...
high school and I wanted to take an art class. She was the only art teacher.
And when I went in her class, and I was drawing, and when she...
I found out that my sister was... I thought I was her sister.
She just dropped everything.
and went to the whole class and tell them how wonderful my sister was.
What a great artist she was. And I thought, yes!
That turned me off. That turned me off because...
In high school she was only if you wanted to
progress in art, she was your ally.
And I don't want to go through this.
So I turned to journalism. But I would like to get back into art.
I did try umm myself watercolors
some paints yeah
And I bought a few things to try to start up again.
This was several years ago and I never really progressed.
I dropped it and i..
But I'd like to pick it up again because I did.
into a art and maybe i..
Maybe there's certain kinds that draw me. You know, like that I like better. Because I think...
I've always enjoyed drawing, but I always thought, well, I'd like to do something in
color. So I naturally thought.
Watercolor will be easiest to get into.
It's hard, right?
Yes yeah
Ohh..
Yeah, it takes a lot of
practice and I got these art books and yeah it's hard. It's hard to learn on your own.
So maybe if I went and took a class somewhere, it might be more fun.
And then I started to ask him questions about her.
It was always..
Colorpencils i did yeah...so i enjoyed colorpencils
And just the irregular pencils, right?
And I think that's probably the median threat.
It's just the easiest, the one that I'm most familiar with and most comfortable with.
But it doesn't, I feel like I don't expand much beyond that.
So I'd like to try my hand at something.
And maybe watercolor is not the way to go. Maybe I should try it.
colors i heard something yeah....just to try something
you
My sister used to do oil painting.
Just so the kids can, yeah, just...
It was a process and she would have to do it outside.
Because of the smells, right?
So yes
Have you ever taken any girl classes or what have you?
Oh okay
Sneaky! We used to do that when I was a kid too.
yes
There is a reason for that.
I always thought of it as a Japanese thing too
Yes yes
Yes uh huh a little
Ohhh okay
Yes.
Ohh I see
yes
Ohh
So do you feel your...
(***)
You back to that
Oh you do oh
Yes yeah
It is fun
Ha..ha..ha
It brings you enjoyment though, that's gotta be, you know, It's huge
Health benefits that's it, right?